You said NCHA, one of your favorite philosophers? He said, uh,
famously one of the many famous things he said is that God is dead. Yes.
Oh, what do you think he meant? Do you think he was right.
Okay, good. I love this question.
No one asks me about Nisha <laugh> <laugh> And I love Nisha.
Awesome. Okay. So, um, first actually I do think,
and I could be corrected and probably will be in all the comments. Yeah.
Ne well, first Nisha. It's true. Wasn't the first to say God is dead.
I think Hagle said it. Okay. No one read Hale.
He's like so difficult to read that it's impossible.
Same with Heer as you mentioned, he.
Yeah, I love him, but yeah, he's really hard. Um,
so NCHE basically said God is dead.
And let me give you the context for him saying that he also said this,
he said there was only one Christian. He died on the cross. Mm. Okay. So, um,
he despised Christianity and he said that.
And, and the people who practic.
It. Absolutely. Yeah. But again, he believed in Jesus and he believed Jesus was,
he didn't believe he was a divinity.
Believed Jesus was a good man and he died on the cross. Okay. So.
He believed in the morality. Yeah, he.
Did. Yeah, he did. Um,
and Nisha basically was making a historical statement about God is dead.
He said, and he was right. He was basically saying that in this,
in the century in which he lived, um, and he died, I think in 1900,
again, I could be wrong about that.
So I just wanna say that I believe he died in 1900. Right. Okay. So,
so he is writing in the 18 hundreds and he's basically saying, um,
God is dead and we killed him. Okay.
So he is making a historical statement that at that point in time with science,
just kind of getting better and industrialization yeah. Happening. Um,
the idea of, um, this,
this thing beyond what we know as material
reality is dead. So this,
the substrate of Western civilization is dead.
That's what NCHE NCHE is saying. Mm. If that makes sense. Yes.
And he basically says with that comes the Uber me. Okay.
Which is the superhuman. And he says, there aren't many of them, he says,
but they're gonna come. And he also talks about the philosophers of the future.
And he's speaking and writing to them is my belief.
So he's basical really telling you and me because we are now the philosophers of
his future. Yeah. He's basically telling us this is what's happening now.
And look what it has done. He says, now everything is,
is possible all manner of, of terrible evil,
because no one has the belief in God anymore. The belief, the, it there's, uh,
that there is an afterlife, you asked about an afterlife.
So with this kind of belief in a morality comes this belief, you know,
and you can have morals without God. Okay. People do.
But what Christianity is this idea that you will
reap what you sow. So if people don't believe that anymore, what will happen?
And so that's what he's basically saying is that the,
the basic anchor for Western society is now gone. Do.
You think he was right?
Absolutely. Absolutely.
Right. But then again,
what do you think if we brought him back to life and he read American cosmic,
your book, um, and he wrote, he tweeted about it, right.
<laugh> writing a review maybe for the,
I don't know what they post for New York times. He'd be an editorial writer, um,
with a blue check mark on Twitter. Uh,
what do you think he would say about this idea that you present?
That's a grander idea of religion than, you know,
like.
Religiosity, like this form.
Yeah. Yeah. Wouldn't that kind of reverse the idea that God is dead.
Yeah.
Because it would bring up this idea of external intelligences that are
not human, which is basically a lot of religions. Talk about that. Right.
There are body sofas, there are angels, there are demons, you know,
there are all these types of nonhuman intelligences that
religion makes space for.
So what I'm basically saying in American cosmic is these new things a are
within the realm of UFOs and UAPs. So would no,
I think that, well,
I think Nisha would say that that's a progressive adaptation of
religion is what I would hope he would say. NCHE however is unpredictable.
I think I, I couldn't predict him.
So I would say that it would be my hope that he would say this is
an accurate representation of a move into a new type
of religion and it's adaptive. Therefore progressive.
He would probably be uncomfortable reading a book by brilliant Fe uh,
female professor. He happens.
Also to be short <laugh>. I don't know if you, you read that.
No. Yeah.
Oh, he's.
<Laugh> he said some pretty nasty things about short women. <laugh> oh my God.
Yeah. A Nisha. He should be canceled <laugh> no, no,
please don't cancel NCHA. You have to take people in the context of their time,
although I'm pretty sure in his time he was also so an. He was.
<Laugh>.
But are people too.
Okay. Just bad ones.